Well this has been the entry of the
program Ana Rosa on its last day I am
Tuesday July 25th I will not
forget this date begins and almost
ends the program in the bag begins
and almost ends the program La rosa and
then here we have the farewell on the
verge of tears Ana Rosa Quintana says
goodbye to her eponymous program after 19
seasons being the leader of audiences on
Telecinco I myself have been reborn During
this program and being reborn I always hope
that it makes you stronger
today at each stage Well then
another is born I will stop saying good morning to you
but I will say good afternoon
Thank you very much for